CU-86a1b8aea - Corrigir 2 problemas no SDK do icondapp (#7)
simplitech/icon-dapp: README.md

However, if you prefer a more direct approach, checkout ["Direct RPC Calls guide"](DIRECT_RPC_CALLS.md) to learn about making a quick RPC Server call to obtain the specific information you're seeking. Let's dive in and enhance your understanding of IconDapp's capabilities.

## Install the SDK
Install the IconDapp, Neon-DappKit, and Neon-DappKit-Types packages:
```bash
npm i @simplitech/icon-dapp @cityofzion/neon-dappkit @cityofzion/neon-dappkit-types
```

## How to initialize the SDK
Import the IconDapp package into your project and create a new instance of the IconDapp class by using NeonInvoker and NeonParser as parameters:
```typescript
import { IconDapp } from '@simplitech/icon-dapp'
import { NeonInvoker, NeonParser } from '@cityofzion/neon-dappkit'

const createIconDapp = async () => { 
  return new IconDapp({

>     scriptHash,

Reviewer: Você não declarou essa variável, ficou confuso

>     invoker: await NeonInvoker.init({rpcAddress: 'http://127.0.0.1:50012', account}),

Reviewer: não declarou a variável account, tb tá confuso

Reviewer: Mas acho que não precisamos explicar em detalhes, podemos linkar essa URL pro usuário aprender como inicializar o NeonInvoker: https://github.com/CityOfZion/neon-dappkit/blob/main/packages/neon-dappkit/NEON-INVOKER.md#initialize-neoninvoker

E acho que podemos mencionar que também pode ser usado com WcSdk e linkar o repo.

However, if you prefer a more direct approach, checkout ["Direct RPC Calls guide"](DIRECT_RPC_CALLS.md) to learn about making a quick RPC Server call to obtain the specific information you're seeking. Let's dive in and enhance your understanding of IconDapp's capabilities.

## Install the SDK
Install the IconDapp, Neon-DappKit, and Neon-DappKit-Types packages:
```bash
npm i @simplitech/icon-dapp @cityofzion/neon-dappkit @cityofzion/neon-dappkit-types
```

## How to initialize the SDK
Import the IconDapp package into your project and create a new instance of the IconDapp class by using a class that implements the Neo3Invoker interface and a class that implements the Neo3Parser interface as parameters.

> If you are going to use the IconDapp SDK to get information from the blockchain you should probably use [NeonInvoker](https://github.com/CityOfZion/neon-dappkit/blob/main/packages/neon-dappkit/src/NeonInvoker.ts) and [NeonParser](https://github.com/CityOfZion/neon-dappkit/blob/main/packages/neon-dappkit/src/NeonParser.ts) and not use an account to sign the transactions, but if you intend to use the SDK to add information to the blockchain you might want to use [WalletConnect](https://github.com/CityOfZion/wallet-connect-sdk) instead of NeonInvoker:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your goal is to extract blockchain data or manage transaction signing in your own backend, consider utilizing NeonInvoker and NeonParser from [NeonDappkit](https://github.com/CityOfZion/neon-dappkit/). However, for enabling users to contribute data to the blockchain via your application, [WalletConnect](https://github.com/CityOfZion/wallet-connect-sdk) could be a more suitable choice than NeonInvoker.

Below is an illustration of using NeonInvoker for data retrieval:
```
